- Previously on "Bel-Air"...
- Why are you taking his side?
- I know why he acted
the way he did,
but what's your excuse?
- Mr. Smith.
Welcome to the team.
- "Haute Cuisine" is the top
food magazine in the country,
and I have an interview
with them next week.
Mom hooked it up.
- We definitely want you
to, you know,
tone it down.
- But that's what people love
about my cooking.
- I don't think your family
is our target audience.
- My family and I would like
to welcome you all to our home
and to express
our sincere appreciation to you
for your support
of my campaign
for Los Angeles
district attorney.
- I feel like that gives you
this responsibility
to speak directly
to the Black community.
- Let me search your bag.
- Bro.
[dramatic music]
- Nothing to hide, huh?
- Told you I'd handle him.
* *
- How did the drugs
get in your bag?
- I don't know
how the drugs got in my bag!
- Okay, so then
how did you get the drugs?
- Those are not my drugs.
I'm telling you,
someone put the drugs
in my bag.
If I'm lying,
I'm flying.
No cap.
I put that on my mom,
I put that on West Philly,
on everything I love.
- Okay, then who else
could have done it?
- I swear to God,
I had nothing to do with it.
- Someone put the drugs
in my bag.
- And what about Connor?
- What about Connor?
- He was mad because I knocked
his ass out at the party,
so he's trying to get me back.
It's called retaliation.
- This isn't
how Connor would retaliate.
Sure, I could see him
freezing Will out socially
and running his mouth,
but he wouldn't plant drugs
in his backpack
like some Philly beat cop.
- And if y'all don't believe
me, y'all can drug-test me.
I'll piss in a cup right now.
- If Will is telling the truth
and it wasn't Connor,
do you have any idea of who
might be trying to frame him?
- Turns out some people
actually think less of him
after he attacked
me and Connor.
- Let's stay on topic.
Who else could have done this?
- Besides Connor?
both: Mm-hmm.
- I mean, the only person
I can think of is Carlton.
- I wouldn't do something
like this to him.
[tense music]
After all,
he's family.
* *
- Good morning,
Los Angeles.
It's gonna be
a balmy 73 degrees
in West Hollywood.
[alarm beeping]
It's gonna shoot up
to 87 about noon.
And traffic is piling up
on the 405 and the 10,
Happy Friday,
Los Angeles.
Let's all have
a beautiful day.
[soft hip-hop music]
- [sighs]
[hurried footsteps]
[gentle music]
- Uh-uh.
Mm-mm.
* *
- Your aunt and I
are gonna get
to the bottom
of this situation.
Will, I know you're
in in-school suspension.
We have a meeting
with your principal today,
hopefully find some answers.
- Carlton, you're gonna
ask around, too, right, honey?
- Of course.
I hope whoever did this,
or allegedly did this,
gets caught and punished.
- And what if
it's someone you know?
Do you still hope
they get caught?
- Absolutely.
- Good.
We're all committed to making
sure the truth comes to light.
And if there is foul play,
I promise,
there will be consequences.
- Serious consequences.
[school bell rings]
- You should have told me
before you actually did it.
What the fuck
were you thinking?
- Chill, dude.
Okay?
Will attacked us, remember?
We had to clap back.
- You went too far, Connor.
Look, this clapback could
get us expelled, or arrested.
- You can't prove
I planted that shit.
- Uh, my parents can,
and if they find...
If they find out what you did,
they're gonna think
I was in on it, too,
and then we're both fucked.
- No one saw me, okay?
Trust me, your parents--
they're not gonna find out.
- Look, my dad has busted
five LAPD coverups.
He's made Fortune 500 CEOs cry
under oath.
And my mom will--
She's a Black mom, and
you don't fuck with Black moms.
Trust me.
If anyone can find out,
it's my parents.
- Shit, shit.
Okay, um, what are we gonna do?
- Oh, "we"?
"We" have to free Will.
- Hey, um...
[school bell rings]
[quirky music]
* *
- This is in-school suspension.
Schoolwork only.
No doodling.
- This is art.
I don't doodle.
- Swish.
- Vivian and Philip, you've
both known me for a long time,
and I can assure you
that we've conducted
a thorough investigation.
- Good.
And because of
our longstanding relationship,
I'm sure you won't mind
walking us through the process,
step by step.
- Of course.
After being debriefed
by campus security,
we interviewed Will,
spoke to his teachers
along with several classmates
to gather insight
on his conduct.
- And then?
- The faculty came
to a consensus, and
our investigation was complete.
- And what about the cameras?
I mean, I counted 15 of 'em
just walking through
the front door.
Security didn't see anyone
near his bag
when they reviewed the tapes?
- Um--
- You have reviewed
the tapes, right?
- Apparently not.
- You didn't watch
the fucking tapes?
- You didn't look
at the damn tapes?
- Well, no.
- Legally,
that boy is innocent
until proven guilty.
- But we found drugs
in Will's bag.
- But you didn't watch
the tapes.
- We'd be looking for a needle
in a haystack.
It could take us a week
to look over the footage.
Maybe--
- I don't care.
- You have 24 hours.
We are not students.
Don't test us.
- * I'm in my element *
* I never fall back *
* I'm in my element *
* My haters... *
- Can I help you?
- Yes, you can.
- Will is returning to class.
Will.
- Am I--
am I unsuspended?
- Well, the investigation
is pending,
but yes, at this moment,
you're no longer suspended.
- The school is going to review
the campus security footage
to see
who messed with your bag.
- Damn.
I mean, y'all really out here
still moving mountains for me.
- And we're ready
to see you start climbing.
Come on.
* *
- Oh, let me get my stuff.
- * Yeah, yeah, man
came up strong *
* Where the world I live
is like déjà vu *
- Swish!
- * I see it all the time *
* *
* Yeah, it's like déjà vu *
* I see it all the time *
* *
* Yeah *
- Congrats.
I heard you got unsuspended.
- Pending the investigation.
But once they roll the tape,
we'll see who did me dirty.
- And by who,
you mean Connor?
- Exactly, ol' Wonder Bread,
"Brady Bunch"-ass punk.
- Well, don't count on justice.
Kids like Connor
sidestep punishment every time.
I'll never understand
why Carlton is still friends
with him.
- Oh, I do.
- Come on.
Just be happy you're
sitting pretty for the moment.
- You think I'm pretty?
- I said sitting pretty, but--
- Oh, all I heard was pretty.
- Oh, okay.
- So I'ma take that W
and run with it.
You think I'm pretty.
[both laugh]
- Good luck at the game
tomorrow, Will.
- Holy shit,
the thirst.
- Ha! Don't be mad
'cause they feeling ya boy.
- I'm not mad.
- Don't be mad!
- And it's only because you're
on the basketball team.
- I wish
you were feeling me too.
- Yeah, but we're
just friends, remember?
- Yeah, I remember.
- [chuckles]
- So, friend?
- Hmm?
- You coming
to the basketball game?
You know
we're playing Malibu Prep,
so I'ma drop 30 on 'em.
Come see me
in my Bel-Air jersey.
It's my first game.
- Tempting,
but I've got a swim meet,
so maybe I'll swing by after?
- [nasally]
"Maybe I'll swing by after."
- Boy, stop playing.
Oh, my God.
I am so sorry.
- Are you really?
- I'm so sorry.
- Are you really sorry?
Come on, Lisa.
- Oh, my God.
Ooh, it's getting worse.
- All right.
Let me take this off.
I can't go around school
looking like this.
Hold on.
Oh, yeah.
[hip-hop music]
- What are you doing?
- Just give it a chance.
Just give it a chance.
Hold on. Hold on.
- * Take my pride
and ambition *
* Y'all should stop
and just listen *
* Tell me
that I'm not winning *
* I'm a man on my mission *
- Actually, it's a whole vibe.
- * Y'all just gotta believe *
* Be yourself and that's key *
- Sheesh.
- [chuckles]
- Yeah, I'm feeling it.
- [sighs]
- Hello.
Ooh, Mom!
So Will told me
about you and Daddy
rolling up to the school
on your power couple ish.
Ugh, I wish I could have
seen Principal Hartwig's face.
- Twenty shades of red
looking like cherry water ice.
- What is water ice?
- Oh, it's just a Philly thing.
Anyway, helping Will
was the right thing to do.
- Right.
[phone chimes]
Oh, listen.
I was wondering if we could
discuss tomorrow's menu.
[ascending tone]
- Menu?
[phone chimes]
What happened
to the cupcakes
and champagne?
- Yeah, I've been
rethinking that.
- Ugh! Here we go.
- Okay.
Nothing fancy, but
the ladies might get hungry,
so I was thinking
maybe just some finger foods.
Lamb sliders,
charcuterie...
crab cakes
with your secret sauce.
- I told you, my secret sauce
takes four hours to prepare,
and I'd have to marinate it
overnight.
- So is that a yes?
- Sure, Mom.
I will help you
impress your sorors.
- The ladies are helping me
plan Gayle's lupus fundraiser.
The least I can do
is feed them.
- Okay, yes.
That's fine.
- And feel free
to hang out
and kick it
with some of the ladies.
I mean, you never know.
It could lead
into another job opportunity.
- And there's the agenda.
- The "Haute Cuisine" job
didn't work out,
but my other
Delta Phi Gamma sisters
are all very accomplished
and very well-connected.
- Okay. Okay, Mom.
- So you might want to--
- Mom, you asked me
to make the food,
I will make the food, but can I
have some me time, please?
- [sighs]
[pensive music]
* *
- Carlton.
- [sighs]
Dude, why the hell
is your blazer inside out?
- The principal just told me
that a witness came forward
saying that he saw a guy
that doesn't even go
to Bel-Air Academy
messing with my bag.
- Holy shit.
That's awesome.
- They're not gonna tell me
who the witness is,
and because of him,
they're not gonna review
the school footage.
- Look.
You're a free man, Will.
- I want you to admit
that you've been
moving pieces around
in your little chess game.
- There is no game, Will.
Trust me.
Just take the win and move on.
- Liar.
[bright music]
- * Where you at, yeah? *
- Ha.
- * Where you at? *
- * I don't see you *
- Yeah, it felt good
to come through for Will today.
Man, you should have seen
Viv take on the principal.
Whoo.
- Chopped him up real good,
yeah?
- What?
She Mongolian barbecued
his ass.
- Well, it's good to see her
do it
to somebody else
other than you.
- Right?
Yeah, well, now
that Will's in the clear,
I only got 98
more problems to handle.
- Campaign trouble?
both: Ohh!
- Here we go.
- Oh, damn it.
My advisory team is saying
that the Black voters
are feeling
disconnected from me.
Can you believe that?
Philip Banks disconnected?
- Might have something to do
with the coordinates
of this mansion, you know,
and the big boy interview
didn't help.
- Well, your salary
doesn't exactly make you
a man of the people.
- All right, man, all right.
So what's the move?
- Well, I decided to go to that
Alpha crawfish boil tomorrow.
I need to win
over Reverend Lamonte
and lock in his support,
and so,
with my fraternity
brothers' support,
the Black vote moves
safely into my column.
- Sounds clever.
- Mm-hmm.
- I'd come with you, but man
just sailing to Catalina
with that woman
from yoga, innit?
- The woman from yoga?
- Yeah.
- Yoga?
- [laughs]
- Enjoy your day off, partner.
Um, just give me a little
space, because this is...
Boom.
- Oh!
- Ha!
- All right, you know you stole
that from me, yeah?
- This one is for you.
- Thank you.
It's been a while
since you joined me
for my pre-meet tradition.
- Yeah, well,
nostalgia is a hell of a drug,
so I figured,
why not start again?
- Okay.
So what are we really
doing here, Carlton?
- I wanted to apologize, Lis.
I'm sorry you got caught up
in the bullshit
between me and my cousin,
and I know I haven't been
my best self lately.
- That's an understatement.
- I admit that I could have
handled things better,
but just seeing you
and Will together
just fucking destroyed me.
I mean, I know we didn't end
on good terms,
but I have feelings too,
and I wasn't gonna just--
- Must I remind you I spent
the better part of last year
putting your feelings
ahead of mine?
- Oh, I didn't realize
I was such a burden.
- I didn't say
you were a burden.
You were there for me
at my worst when my mom died,
and I was there for you while
you were dealing with anxiety.
It's not like I just stopped
caring about you, Carlton.
- So you're not just
saying that, right?
- No.
I still care about you.
[light upbeat music]
[knock at door]
- Come in.
- Hey, you got a minute?
- Yeah.
- I'm glad we cleared up
that situation at school today.
Here.
- "The Alchemist"?
- It's a certified classic
right there.
- Okay. What it's about?
- It's about a boy who finds
the courage to follow his heart
and the pursuit
of his personal legend.
- Damn, sounds deep.
- It's deep as hell.
It's changed a lot of lives,
including mine.
Give it a read.
- Okay, I'll do that.
- You like crawfish?
- Like, the little,
tiny lobster jawns?
- Bingo.
How would you like to come with
me to a crawfish boil tomorrow?
My fraternity
is hosting the event.
It's a crowd
that you should know,
and it's really important
for my campaign.
- Okay. I'm down.
- That's what it looks like.
- What you mean?
- You stepping up,
giving this a real chance,
being a man of your word.
That's what it looks like,
Will.
- [chuckles]
[phone chimes]
[tense music]
* *
[birds chirping]
- I thought you all were
leaving 20 minutes ago.
- Dad got caught
on a campaign call.
- Oh.
- Did you leave any flowers
in the garden?
- These are my sisters,
and I do not hold back,
because I love them,
all of them,
even the ones
that work my last nerve.
I wished you'd show that same
kind of love to your cousin.
- Well, look, it's kind of hard
to love a person
that you don't know,
especially if he doesn't
respect you.
- Well, respect is
a two-way street.
- Yeah, okay.
- Listen, baby, I know
this hasn't been easy,
but your father
and I wouldn't ask you
to do anything we didn't think
you were capable of.
We love you, and you will
always be our first priority.
Now, I know you want
to impress Henry Miles today.
- Oh, by the time
I'm done with him,
he'll be practically begging me
to take that internship.
- Okay, but all work
and no play --
- Puts you head of the class
and helps you crush
the competition?
- Just try to have
a little fun.
- Let's roll, son.
Will is waiting out front.
- Wait, Will is going?
The crawfish boil has always
been a me and you thing.
- Well, yeah, but I thought
this time,
we could all go together.
It'll be fun.
And you have fun
with your girls.
Tell Joanne to stay
out of my good Scotch.
We'll all be back in plenty
of time for the games tonight.
- Right, it's Will's
basketball game against Malibu.
- Should be exciting.
- And my lacrosse game.
- Right, you're playing
St. Stephens.
We'll all be there
cheering you on.
- I mean, at least half.
We have to split it
between you and Will.
- Fantastic.
- Yeah, I know he's upset,
but I've arranged for the boys
to volunteer side by side
at the event.
- Oh, good, they'll either bond
or kill each other.
- Well, either way,
problem solved, hmm?
Love you.
- * Relax yourself girl,
please settle down *
* Relax yourself girl,
- See it right there!
- Yeah!
- * Relax yourself girl,
please settle down *
- What up, you?
- Yeah, that's how he do, man.
Oh!
- What's good, Yamacraw?
- How are you, brother?
- Good, my brother.
- Damn, it's good to be back
with my brothers.
Hey, Will, you know
anything about the Alphas?
- Yeah, we got mad Alphas
in Philly.
- Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
- And there's the reverend.
Come on, fellows,
let's go say hello.
- So of course I agree
with my wife,
because I know what time it is.
- Pardon the interruption,
brothers.
I just want to say a quick
hello to Reverend Lamonte.
I was hoping
we might be able to talk.
- I'm a little busy now, Phil.
As I was saying, so--
- All right, then, maybe later.
Good to see you all.
- And then I end up sleeping
on the couch anyway.
[laughter]
- Hold up, is that Yamacraw?
- Yo, who the hell is Yamacraw?
- Dad.
It's his old nickname.
That's where he's from,
Yamacraw, North Carolina,
population: tiny as fuck.
- Derrick, my guy.
How you been living?
- Heart is still beating,
wife and kids
happy and healthy.
Black man in America can't ask
for much more these days.
- I know that's right.
- It's been a while
since you've shown
your face around here.
There's some talk that Yamacraw
forgot about his brothers.
- Not a chance.
I've just been busy with family
and the campaign.
You know I'd never forget
about the Alphas.
- All right. All right.
Fair enough.
I see you brought
a few volunteers.
- I did. You remember Carlton?
- Hey.
- And this here is my nephew.
- What's up? What's up?
- They're ready to work,
right, fellas?
- Yeah, sure, of course.
- Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
ready to work.
- That's the Alpha spirit.
Follow me, fellas.
We've got a few tables and
chairs that need to get set up.
- All right.
Cool, let's do it.
- Tables and chairs?
Why don't we grab a ladder
and throw
a pro wrestling match?
- Carlton.
- So which one?
Tables or chairs?
- I don't know. They
just both sound so exciting.
[Evelyn "Champagne" King's
"Love Come Down"]
all: To the sisterhood! Whoo!
- Oh, Denise, Joan,
I don't know how you got
season tickets to the Pantages
for our silent auction,
but thank you, really.
- Gayle was our sister, too,
Viv.
We are more than happy to help.
- And we are still working
on that weekend
hotel-and-dinner package
from the Montage too.
- Oh, come through, ladies,
come through.
This year's lupus fundraiser
is already next level.
- Whoo!
- Even the multi-task queen
needs help.
We know you've got
a lot going on,
and speaking of which, what is
your secret to doing it all?
Planning fundraisers,
teaching at the university,
raising kids...
- Being Philip's
Michelle Obama.
- Hey, there's
only one Michelle,
but to be honest, this whole
being a politician's wife
has been a big adjustment.
Actually, I have been talking
to Michelle for advice.
- And what did she say?
- She said, "Girl, hold on."
- Now, you know, I remember
when all eyes
were on Vivian Banks
taking the art world by storm,
and Philip Banks
was the lucky guy on your arm.
- Yeah, well, a lot changed
after Hilary was born.
Oh, speaking of Hilary,
ladies, I want to give a quick
shout-out to my daughter,
the master chef
who prepared these delights.
[all cheer]
- Thank you, ladies.
Really, though,
it's light work,
but I appreciate it, though.
- So if any of you ever
find yourself in need
for a top-tier caterer,
please slide into her DMs.
- Thank you, Mom.
[sedate hip-hop music playing]
* *
- Yo, who's that dude
over there
throwing shade at Uncle Phil?
- That was
Reverend Robert Lamonte.
He leads
the largest Black church in LA.
- Oh, Lamonte.
So why was Pastor Petty
beefing with Uncle Phil?
- He used to spend
a lot of time with the fam.
I'm pretty sure he officiated
my parents' wedding,
but that was years ago.
You know, my guess is that Dad
got a little too successful
for him.
You know, wealth has a way
of attracting envy.
- Hmm, or maybe the wealthy
lose touch.
Nice sneak diss, though.
- Holy shit.
That's him.
He's actually here.
The funeral king lives.
- Oh, what, that old head
over there?
- That old head is Henry Miles.
He owns a bunch
of funeral homes.
Years ago, he cornered
the market on burying
Black celebrities.
- What, you trying to get
on his list or something?
- No, I'm trying
to get on his radar.
He's a major philanthropist,
and he sits on the board
of the Black Minds First
Initiative,
which would be
the perfect internship
for my application
to Princeton.
- Application?
Carlton, look at yourself.
Remember, you're rich.
Okay, cocoa puff?
You got this.
You can get into any college
you want to
with your parent's money.
- Believe it or not, Will,
I don't want everything
handed to me.
* *
- Hey, so you're not
gonna help me?
* *
- [sighs]
- When are you pledging,
Hilary?
You know we will all pile
in a van
and drive up to Berkeley
to pin you.
- Well, actually
about Berkeley--
- Last semester Hilary took
the whole year off
to cultivate
her culinary skills.
- Oh, like a gap year.
- Well, no, I actually
dropped out of school.
Uh, yeah, so after
I graduated high school,
I just got tired of teachers
telling me
how to think about shit
that I didn't care about,
so after two semesters,
I pulled
a good old Kanye and...
dropped out of college.
[clears throat]
- How brave.
I'm going to go top this off;
would you ladies care to join?
- Yeah.
- Why are you self-sabotaging?
- Why are you trying to control
my narrative?
- Well, forgive me
for trying to create
some actual opportunities
for you.
- I can create
my own opportunities
without you, Mother.
Thank you.
[Alphas chanting indistinctly]
* Hey, ho, Alphas *
Tss-tss-tss.
- Ooh-ooh.
Ole Yamacraw was the best
damn line stepper I ever saw.
- That's because we drilled
day and night.
Practice wasn't over
until everyone did the routine
flawlessly three times
in a row.
- Shit.
These young cats don't know the
sacrifice it takes to be great.
- Ain't that true?
- Oh, Reverend Lamonte.
- Hey, man, finally got
some time to chat
about your little run for DA.
- Oh, well, I wouldn't minimize
the importance of the election.
- Okay, well,
let's cut to it, brother.
Give me one good reason why
I should endorse you for DA.
- Right.
[upbeat funky music]
[light piano music]
* *
- Girl, I tried being
the progressive mom,
trying to give her space
to find herself.
Seems like she's content on
living out in the pool house,
rent-free, might I add.
- If they won't leave the nest,
you got to shove them out.
Bye, birdie.
- This new generation
wants freedom
without all
the responsibilities.
Too much entitlement.
[dramatic chord]
- That sounds
like Hilary's specialty.
I've been over here
for over an hour,
and I have yet to receive
an apology.
- What are you talking about?
- Well, because of you, I set
the "Haute Cuisine" interview
up for her as a favor,
and she had the nerve
to drag our company online.
- What do you mean?
- Oh, so you haven't seen
the video that Hilary
posted after the interview?
Because 2 million people
and counting
find it extremely interesting.
She accused our company
of being racist and sexist
and then encouraged her
followers to spread the word,
and now I'm working my ass off
cleaning up the PR blowback.
- Kendra, I am so sorry.
I had no idea.
- Well, I want
to hear it from her.
- Hilary?
- I'm sorry...
that I don't feel sorry.
- Your daughter
is burning bridges
that you've spent years
building, including this one.
Good night, ladies.
- Excuse me.
- So the crawfish boil
is one
of my favorite events
every year.
You know, I always feel
at home with the Alphas.
- That's right. That's right.
That's right.
- Thank you so much
for your time...
- It's my pleasure.
- Mr. Miles.
- I'm the only candidate
running on a platform
of both juvenile justice
and police reform,
and I will stop at nothing--
and I mean nothing--
to serve the people.
- Oh, the people.
How the hell you gonna serve
the people
when you don't know
what the people
have to worry about
on a daily basis?
- Now, I think we both know
that's unfair.
- Don't tell me
about what's unfair.
When the Franklin soup kitchen
was foreclosed in Leimert Park,
we held phone banks
and town halls
trying to keep it open for
the people, we, the brothers.
Meanwhile, you were sitting
behind the golden gates
of Bel-Air,
counting your damn money.
- You want me to apologize
for being successful, Robert,
is that it?
Is that what you're telling me?
You want me to beg
and plead for forgiveness
because I was working hard
to build a life for my family?
- We were your family too.
When your first roommate,
Brother Jamison,
relapsed in 2015,
this brotherhood saw to it that
he got the help that he needed.
To this day, we still make sure
he's taken care of.
That's family.
Where were you?
- I didn't know about that.
If I did,
I would have been there.
I'm sorry.
- He showed up today
because he needs our help.
I mean, I'd happily
endorse Brother Yamacraw
if he was running.
Problem is, I am stuck
with Brother Bel-Air.
Brothers.
- Hmm.
Forgot my son has
a lacrosse game tonight.
Good to see you fellas.
- Hey, yo, Uncle Phil,
you going to let him
talk to you like that?
- Get Carlton.
We're leaving.
- Okay, but look, I was
offered a high-profile job,
and I turned it down
because they were trying
to make me change my recipes.
Some of the food
that I showed y'all
was passed down
from my grandmother.
Oh, and also, they told me
that my ethnic family
was not their target audience,
so "Haute Cuisine" probably
doesn't like your family
either
if you're a person of color,
so how about you let them know
what you think about that?
[applause]
- Good for you, Hilary.
- Yes.
- I'm glad she called them out.
- Well, I can see why Kendra
would never speak to me again.
- Who cares about Kendra?
She's lucky she got invited.
She did pledge grad chapter.
- And why should I have
to apologize
for speaking my truth?
- Amen.
We have to call them out
on their bullshit.
My CEO asked me to run point
with a Black client
because we "speak
the same language."
Like we're going to break
into Swahili or something.
Worst part is, I let it slide.
- There is something beautiful
about Hilary
and her generation's refusal
to swallow the subtle racism
that we have all ingested.
- Thank you.
Thank you, ladies.
- Okay, okay, but there's also
such a thing as tact
and good judgment.
Especially when someone asks
for a favor on your behalf
and that someone
is your mother.
- I didn't ask you to do that.
You went to Kendra
because you just couldn't stand
that my life was taking shape
not as fast as you want.
- It's been two years, Hilary;
what do you got to show for it?
What have you even figured out?
- I've figured out that
you don't believe in me
and that you want
to control my life.
- Girl, if I was steering
the ship of your life,
maybe you wouldn't be
so damn lost.
- Look, let's just get down
to the brass tracks, Mr. Miles.
- Hey, Carlton.
[upbeat funky music]
- Uh, do you need something,
Will?
* *
Are you having a stroke,
or do you actually
need something, dude?
- No, bro, do your thing.
Do your thing.
Yo, Carlton is
a really good dude.
Y'all would be lucky
to have him.
- Anyway, I would love to talk
about the Black Minds First
internship.
- You know, I could talk
about that program all day.
Go on.
Fire away, young man.
- Awesome. Awesome.
Well, look, this internship
would mean a lot to me
personally,
and also, you know,
it would really help bolster
my college application.
I was wondering if you could
float my name to the top.
- I would, but I resigned from
Black Minds First last month,
and Derrick runs it now.
You made a good impression
on him today, right?
* *
[microphone feedback]
- Yo, yo, yo, yo,
what up, y'all?
Can you hear me?
Is this on?
- Yes.
- Hey, what up y'all?
What up? What up?
Ha! What up, man?
How y'all doing?
My name is Will Smith.
I was invited here
by my Uncle Phil.
Some of y'all know him
as Yamacraw.
Yamacraw, yeah, man.
- Boy, get the hell
off the stage right now.
- Phil, you better
get your nephew
before we drag his skinny ass
out of here.
- You going to drag
my skinny ass--
you going to drag my skinny ass
out of here?
- Phil.
- Put the mic down,
and let's go.
- Just chill.
Hey, my fault, yeah.
I play too much. I'm joking.
I'm joking.
- Will, that's enough. Come on.
Get off the stage.
- All right. I'm sorry.
Matter of fact, come on,
show me a little
somethin'-somethin'.
- [laughs]
- Huh!
- Hey, not--Will, Will...
come on.
- I'm not doing it right?
- Come on. Come on.
- Okay, all right, all right,
all right, all right.
If I'm doing it wrong,
show me how it's done.
Come on, Yamacraw.
Show me what you got.
- Let's see it, Yamacraw.
- Yamacraw, Yamacraw,
Yamacraw...
all: Yamacraw, Yamacraw,
- What? Let's get it!
all: Yamacraw,
- Let's go!
- All right!
- Yamacraw, Yamacraw.
Yamacraw.
- Yeah!
all: Yamacraw, Yamacraw.
- All right. All right.
All right. Okay.
All right.
Okay, I'll--I'll show you
how it's done, nephew.
- All right, you got it.
- All right?
I said, ooh,
it's cold in here.
There must be some Alphas
in the atmosphere.
I said...
all:
Ooh, it's cold in here.
There must be some Alphas
in the atmosphere.
I said, ooh, it's cold in here.
There must be some Alphas
in the atmosphere.
It's like ice, ice, ice,
too cold, too cold,
I said ice, ice,
ice the Black and Gold.
I said ice, ice, ice,
too cold, too cold.
ah that Black and Gold.
Hoo!
[cheers and applause]
- Ahh!
- That was the one.
That was the one.
[indistinct chatter]
[all shout]
- How you with?
all: Ice!
- I said who you with?
all: Ice.
[cheers and applause]
- Okay, Yamacraw.
- Who you with? Ice.
- Now, that's the brother
we've been missing.
Welcome back.
- It's been in my heart,
Robert. It never left.
Now, you think we can at least
have that conversation?
- Now, look,
that nephew of yours...
- Oh.
- Interesting.
- Yeah.
- But inspiring.
What's the story?
- Well, I--I'll tell you.
- All right.
[soft music]
* *
- Thanks, babe!
- [exhales]
Despite the fireworks, it was
so nice to see everybody.
Oh, so nice to just relax.
I was wondering
if you were going to notice it.
- Ooh, I noticed.
I also remember
when you finished this
and you wouldn't
let me sell it.
- Mm-hmm.
- You have a gift, Viv.
- Had a gift.
Christmas done past, girl.
- The world needs to see
your talent again.
I mean, come on.
What's getting in the way?
What's stopping you?
Philip?
- Ohh!
[both grunting]
- Oh, no. Ohh.
[laughter]
Yes, I am loving this
beautiful Black male energy.
- Aunt Viv, you should
have seen Uncle Phil.
He was stepping like a king.
- Mm-hmm.
- My man was stepping?
- Stepping, stepping.
- I put it down, baby,
and after a long discussion,
Reverend Lamonte
agreed to support my campaign.
- By support do you mean
an endorsement?
- Well, one step at a time.
- Oh.
- You should have seen me,
baby.
Yamacraw is back.
- Yamacraw.
- Yamacraw-craw.
- Last to leave the party
as per usual, Joan.
- Philip, well, as per usual,
I was hypnotized
by Vivian's art.
Hoping she makes a comeback,
because the world is ready.
- The question is, am I ready?
- Hello, everyone.
- Yo, what up, G?
- Hey, someone had a good time.
- That's right.
- Hey, Geoffrey,
looking good as ever.
- Joan, I'm just trying
to keep up with you.
- Hey, yo, Geoffrey
got some game.
- Speaking of game,
I've got to go get ready.
- Oh, well, how did it go
with Henry Miles?
- You know, I don't want
the stupid internship anyway.
- We'll talk later.
- Will, your mom sent you
your stuff.
It's upstairs in your room.
- That's what's up.
Bet.
Just in time for my game.
Miss my old jawns.
- You know, I think your nephew
might have helped me
win this election.
- See, I told you
he was special.
- Mm-hmm.
Look I hate to rain
on your parade,
but we have got
to talk about Hilary ASAP.
- Now I need a drink.
[rapid hip-hop music]
* *
- Ah!
Yeah.
Get out of here.
Ah, man.
Got a big game tonight,
y'all.
Y'all ready?
Y'all going to show out, right?
You going to show up
and show out, yeah.
I am too.
[cheers and applause]
- [blows whistles]
[players grunting]
- Let's go!
[upbeat music]
- Hmm. Here come your daughter.
[buzzer sounds]
- Come on, let's bring it in!
- Hey, Hilary.
- Hello, Father.
* *
[indistinct chatter]
- Does my outfit
meet your approval?
I know I didn't ask
your permission,
but just want to make sure.
- Don't start with me, Hilary.
- What?
You said you wanted
to control my life, right?
- Ladies.
[buzzer buzzes]
[cheers and applause]
- Will's not starting.
[funky music]
- All right, guys,
let's go, let's go!
- Yeah!
- Come on, come on, come on!
- Let's do it!
- Come on!
- Set.
[whistle blows]
* *
- The fuck is everyone?
- Banks!
- Ugh!
- Hey, Banks!
Come on.
Get up.
Stay back.
* *
- Come on, Todd.
Go grab the rebound.
Come on. Get in it.
Motion. Run motion.
* *
Ref, call the fouls, please!
- Maybe it's time
we cut some strings.
- What does that mean?
- You know exactly what I mean.
* *
You've been living
under my roof for two years.
You've had enough time
to figure out your life.
Your time is up.
You don't need us or our money
to find the opportunities
and breaks
that you've been hoping for,
not if they mean
that much to you.
You know, when I was
an up-and-coming artist,
I struggled for my passion,
but because my passion
was real,
I was willing
to sacrifice for it.
So let's see if your passion
is actually real.
You go on out there
and make your own mark.
- Time-out. Time-out.
[whistle blows]
- That's what I'm talking
about, guys. Let's go.
Come on. Let's go.
- Here we go, fellas.
Bring it in.
- Fine, Mom,
challenge accepted,
but let me ask you something.
If your passion for art
was so real,
why did you walk away from it?
[dramatic music]
- Will is in. Will is in.
[cheers and applause]
[whistle blows]
[upbeat hip-hop music]
* *
- Come on, Will.
Come on, now.
[cheers and applause]
* *
- Get your cut!
Get your cut!
- Move, move, move!
[funky music]
* *
- You really from Malibu?
- You really from Bel-Air?
* *
- Ohh!
- Let's go, D.
- Ugh!
- Whoo!
- Goal, Eagles.
[rapid hip-hop music]
- Banks! What the hell
is wrong with you?
- I'm sorry, Coach. My bad.
- Get your head in the game.
* *
- Fuck!
[cheers and applause]
* *
- All right, all right.
- Come on, Will!
* *
[whistle blows]
- Come on, ref.
That's a foul.
- Hey, hey, hey.
- Tyler! Tyler!
[whistle blows]
- Hey, hey, hey, hey.
- Hey, back it up.
Back it up. Back it up.
- Hey, Tyler, Tyler.
Hey, hey.
Let's go, let's go.
I got you.
A'ight?
- Let's go hit this guy.
- Come on, come on.
- We gotta get going
to Carlton's game. Come on.
- Yeah. Let's go.
[applause]
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Okay another five minutes.
- Okay, five.
Five more minutes.
[cheers and applause]
- Yes!
- Whoo! Yeah!
- Personal foul,
illegal cross-checking.
You're gone, 22.
- What the fuck kind of call
was that, ref?
That's the weakest shit
I've ever seen.
- Watch your mouth, 22.
- Fuck you. Do you have eyes?
- Get him out of here, Coach.
- Can you fucking see?
Look at him. Are you blind?
Fuck.
- Hey, you're out
of line, Carlton.
- Get the fuck off of me.
- Hey, grab your gear and get
off the field right now.
Get out of here.
[disquieting electronic music]
* *
[cheers and applause]
- Fuck!
- Yes!
[cheers and applause]
- Let's go.
[tense music]
* *
Oh, yeah!
- Time-out.
Come on.
Bring it in here.
- Okay, okay, okay.
- This is it, all right?
- How you feel?
- Good.
- Good?
- Yes, sir.
- All right, here we go.
- One, two, three.
[all cheer]
[cheers and applause]
[tense music]
* *
[cheers and applause]
[buzzer buzzes]
* *
- Told you, you had
to go handle--
- Bro, you got to see
this shit.
- Yo, my nigga, what I'd tell
you about interrupting bosses?
- Bro, you need to see
this shit, right--yo,
you need to see this--
- Yo, what is you doing?
- Yo, yo, yo.
My bad, bro.
I ain't mean no disrespect,
but it's about that situation
you've been trying to work out.
[tense music]
* *
- I found you,
little cocky motherfucker.
* *